Rancher IPv6 Support (#2041)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/cluster-configuration/rancher-server-configuration/use-existing-nodes/use-existing-nodes.md

1. From **Node Role**, choose the roles that you want filled by a cluster node. You must provision at least one node for each role: `etcd`, `worker`, and `control plane`. All three roles are required for a custom cluster to finish provisioning. For more information on roles, see [Roles for Nodes in Kubernetes Clusters](../../../kubernetes-concepts.md#roles-for-nodes-in-kubernetes-clusters).

   :::note  Bare-Metal Server

   If you plan on dedicating bare-metal servers to each role, you must provision a bare-metal server for each role (i.e. provision multiple bare-metal servers).

   :::note 

1. **Optional**: Click **Show Advanced** to configure additional settings such as specifying the IP address(es), overriding the node hostname, or to add [labels](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/) or [taints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/) to the node.

   :::note

   The **Node Public IP** and **Node Private IP** fields can accept either a single address or a comma-separated list of addresses (for example: `10.0.0.5,2001:db8::1`). 

   :::

   :::note Ipv6-only or Dual-stack Cluster

>    In both IPv6-only and dual-stack clusters, the node’s **IPv6 address** should be specified as the **Node Private IP**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In both IPv6-only and dual-stack clusters, you should specify the node’s **IPv6 address** as the **Node Private IP**.
```
